Fixed Broken Link (#13234)
docker/docker.github.io: desktop/dashboard.md

## Explore volumes

> The **Volumes** view in Docker Dashboard enables you to easily create and delete [volumes](#explore-volumes) and see which ones are being used. If you are a developer subscribed to a Pro or a Team plan, you can also see which container is using a specific volume and explore the files and folders in your volumes.

Reviewer: @jerae-duffin This should point to https://docs.docker.com/storage/volumes/

> The **Volumes** view in Docker Dashboard enables you to easily create and delete [volumes](/storage/volumes.md) and see which ones are being used. If you are a developer subscribed to a Pro or a Team plan, you can also see which container is using a specific volume and explore the files and folders in your volumes.

Reviewer 2: This one should probably be still "relative" (but with the correct filename as you changed it to)

```suggestion
The **Volumes** view in Docker Dashboard enables you to easily create and delete [volumes](../storage/volumes.md) and see which ones are being used. If you are a developer subscribed to a Pro or a Team plan, you can also see which container is using a specific volume and explore the files and folders in your volumes.
```

> The **Volumes** view in Docker Dashboard enables you to easily create and delete [volumes](https://docs.docker.com/storage/volumes/) and see which ones are being used. If you are a developer subscribed to a Pro or a Team plan, you can also see which container is using a specific volume and explore the files and folders in your volumes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **Volumes** view in Docker Dashboard enables you to easily create and delete [volumes](/storage/volumes.md) and see which ones are being used. If you are a developer subscribed to a Pro or a Team plan, you can also see which container is using a specific volume and explore the files and folders in your volumes.
```

Reviewer: Updating to relative path
